Update Regular Week2 Result & Week3 Schedule For `GBC 2022 Spring` (#7188)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/GBC/GBC_2022_Spring/en.md

## Match schedule: Regular stage week 3 

### Friday, April 22, 2022

| Team A | Team B | Match time |  |
| --: | :-- | :-: | :-: |
| 大怨种被迫当队长 | 太美丽了理塘 | Apr 22 (Fri) 20:00 (UTC+8) | ¹ |

### Saturday, April 23, 2022

| Team A | Team B | Match time |  |
| --: | :-- | :-: | :-: |
| Yzhhのqlll森林汪酱不会大叠 | 啊对对队 | Apr 23 (Sat) 18:00 (UTC+8) | ³ |
| 涩涩不队 | bikabika | Apr 23 (Sat) 19:00 (UTC+8) | ² |
| 可爱的hyahya酱上线啦！！ | MyAngel Koishi | Apr 23 (Sat) 20:00 (UTC+8) | ² |
| 青叶摩卡的百合后花园 | 皮蛋蛋吸手手俱乐部 | Apr 23 (Sat) 21:00 (UTC+8) | ² |

### Sunday, April 24, 2022

| Team A | Team B | Match time |  |
| --: | :-- | :-: | :-: |
| 啊不对不队 | 你没对象对不队 | Apr 24 (Sun) 18:00 (UTC+8) | ³ |
| GBC最强阵容9个Miyes | 头号倒霉蛋 | Apr 24 (Sun) 19:00 (UTC+8) | ² |
| 金戈铁马的鲜丰水果摊 | 货拉拉拉不拉拉布拉多 | Apr 24 (Sun) 20:00 (UTC+8) | ¹ |

¹ Round 3 High Matches (Teams with 2-0 record)\
² Round 3 Mid Matches (Teams with 1-1 record)\
³ Round 3 Low Matches (Teams with 0-2 record)

## Mappools

> ### Regular stage Week 3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Regular stage week 3
```

> **[Download the mappack here (116.38 MB)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1bB4ybEiRhBWacF1tZnQGbfBu4CiRhpGl/)**

Author: ```suggestion
**[Download the mappack here (116.38 MB)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1bB4ybEiRhBWacF1tZnQGbfBu4CiRhpGl/view)**
```

> | #¹ | Team | Matches | Beatmaps | BD² | BU³ | Round1 | Round2 | Round3 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| #¹ | Team | Matches | Beatmaps | BD² | BU³ | Round 1 | Round 2 | Round 3 |
```

   - Most matches won
   - Head-to-head result (if possible)
   - Highest Buchholz score

>    - Highest Beatmap difference

Author: highest `beatmap wins - beatmap loses`. (result table `BD`)

>    - Highest Beatmap difference

Author: (reopen incase you might still have question)

>    - Highest beatmap difference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Highest beatmap difference (`beatmap wins - beatmap losses`)
```

### Mappool instructions

1. There will be one mappool for each stage.

>    - The Regular stage Round 1 & Round 2 will be seen as a single stage, meaning the same mappool will be used in all matches in the Round 1 and Round 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Regular stage Round 1 and Round 2 are seen as a single stage, meaning they use the same mappool.
```
